ah how do you do it now happy really
good and you're having a good day so far
today I'm back for the new video and
it's one of my favorite styles to film
some new healthy dessert ideas all of
which are high-protein and perfect for
my pre or post-workout snacks as well as
like a dessert I would love it if you
could hits video over like it really
helps my channel and everything like
that and we will get straight into it
first what I'm gonna make is a protein
that peanut butter cup like a similar
style to the Reese's ones which are so
tasty but obviously these are packed
with more protein and like a lot less
sugar this one is beneath them whey
protein and then with vanilla flavor
some milk to choose whatever you have
got in all that you use at home I'm
using from 0% fat Greek yogurt and then
some peanut butter or any nut butter you
have got a bit of stevia sweetener
extras is this one calorie fry lights
presence salt which you need a little
bit or just some actual muffin tins for
the cups and a big chunk of chocolate
I'm choosing this forms or would you
just like milk chocolate whatever you
prefer I'm just gonna measure out a
hundred grams of dark chocolate into a
bowl break it up into smaller pieces
and microwave that tenacity or you could
use like a pan to melt your chakra as
well so measure night I own your grams
of chocolate breaking it up into little
chunks and then popping it in the
microwave stir it round sort of
everything second so I'm just gonna take
this tool you bet if you've got an
actual muffin tray and giving them a
spray it with some fry light even better
if you've got like a natural muffin tray
holder that they can stay in place a bit
easier it and just spray in toasting and
that it's all really nice and smooth so
I'm just going to pour this into the
tray
it's gonna weigh out about 50 grams so
you just want to measure out 50 grams
like across the full cup cases so I just
popped my tray back on the scales and
then we just want to get locked spoon
and drag the chocolate besides you
create like a little cup kind of format
I'm just gonna pop these in the freezer
whilst I make the filling so for the
filling I'm using 30 grams of whey
protein in vanilla flavor you could use
whatever flavor you've got at home a
course of a teaspoon of sweetener then
quarter teaspoon of salt these really
make all difference I think and I'm
using 50 grams of Greek yogurt then I'm
just taking a fork and you can use a
little small bowl doing this part and
this is just before adding the peanut
butter just so it's a bit easier to mix
together
next up 60 grams of smooth peanut butter
I think crunchy works the same as well
so satisfying all my goodness my mouth
is watering watching this back and then
I'm gradually just gonna add some milk
but depending on how many you want to
make you could make it like more sort of
doughy or less
[Music]
who's taking the chocolate cups out of
the freezer and I'm gonna pour the
peanut butter into the cup and pop them
back in the freezer before I melt like
the rest of the chocolate again so I'm
just spreading my dough that across each
little peanut butter cookie you could
actually make quite a few more of these
I just prefer like the larger size
peanut butter cups in this part so these
are ready to go back in the freezer so
they went in the freezer for about 15
minutes and in that time I reheated the
chocolate and this part you just want to
evenly spread out the top clip across
them all and just drag it around like a
cup and just really make sure you get
every little scrap of chocolate out of
these container because you'll be
surprised and yet you just want to cover
up all the little peanut butter parts
this part I've got so Messi's well no
I'm pretty sure I have more chocolate on
me than there was in those peanut butter
cups so that last bit it's definitely
the most fun because you really got to
make sure you get all the chocolate out
of your container and probably say this
morning a container like that you make
chocolate in it
a lot easier but they have just called
it back in the freezer I'm gonna leave
them for about like an hour and 15
before I get them back out just because
I made this feeling like in between
quite thick so you really make sure
that's like completely hardened and you
can leave them in the freezer for a few
days rather like the last quite a while
so I took these out just make sure the
completely solid and cases you could
also link them in if you're keeping in
the freezer yes and they're nice and
chunky like they're not small ones you
could also like making it a smaller
version but I can't even explain these
tastes absolutely insane so yet these
are the third day it's pretty obvious
right now a little snack or like dipped
in a cup of tea at the next recipe we're
moving on to is a protein blueberry
muffin these are one of my favorite
thing about salutely love blueberry
muffins and actually we've added
proteins which literally
you need for this first things first
pre-heat your oven to 190 degrees finish
you're gonna need some oat flour I
always just like to take my oats and
then blend the mix makes flour you're
also going to need some protein you
could just use whatever flavor you've
got in but I would say something like a
vanilla or using creams and you're also
going to need some fat-free Greek yogurt
as well as some blueberries fresh ones
would be best but I'm confusing a frozen
and just a little bit of milk that you
have in I'm using the almond ones
vanilla extract I'm using these vanilla
flavor drops I'll leave them linked
below these are zero cow so sugar as
well as some baking powder and lastly
just a single egg also some muffin cases
I've just weighed out 100 grams of oats
and then I'm going to blend them up now
it only takes a few seconds like oats or
so at birth time so we're making our oat
flour now and just blending these it
takes a few minutes you could also use a
food processor
oh it's raw blended I'm just going to
put this into a large mixing and I'm
just going to add my way first
I'm using 50 grams of vanilla whey
protein and using a sieve as well and a
teaspoon of baking powder in a separate
bowl I'm just gonna whisk like all the
way ingredients now so getting my Greek
yogurt I absolutely love breaking like
this I'm using a hundred grams of this
stuff and then one whole egg and quite a
lot of these vanilla flavor dogs if
you've seen a few of my other videos I
have adore these things they make such
difference and the zero cow then 60
grams of milk to use any milk that
you've got at home this is my new which
by the way you've seen page that only
has been literally a fork so I'm
whisking all the wet ingredients first
and then adding the wet to my dry and
whisking that do this before you add any
blueberries as well and I'm just
changing to a spoon so I can fold in a
hundred grams of blue Blues
you're really careful of these little
everyday or even asked then I'm getting
my muffin cases and I'm gonna make six
muffins today you could make more or
less just start depending on the size
that you want then I like mine quite big
everywhere look that for me
so yeah just spreading that across each
of them these are ready to go in the
other opening for 14 minutes in the oven
I'm going to check them a little bit
early just to make sure they're doing
all right
not the best part I remember when I was
you
originally whenever I go out over to my
friends houses and bake with them the
amount of times that eat too much of the
mixture and then would always be short
and to be honest things haven't changed
since then after 40 minutes so I just
got them on a cooling tray this is the
hardest part I always want to start
eating them when they're not cooled down
so everything is pretty much finished
now so I'm just gonna show you my fins I
finished I like them to cool I hate that
way like waiting for them to cool down I
just from the dive straight in but I'll
make sure I put them at creig's on the
screen and everything but really happy
these cute little recipes and then here
are the muffins
these are awful so happy with how these
turned out at City with a bluebird
method and you can also add some
chocolate toppings or any more fruit and
stuff these were quite a nice that
breakfast in here I think is right
I just tried before it is so good like
these are hot delicious so though
calorie I'd like to be really so yeah a
hundred and sixteen calories per day
which is amazing they're absolutely
massive as well but we just fit into
this video I really hope you enjoyed
this one and do let me know over on
Instagram if you try any of these
recipes I've also gonna leave my cook
book ebook linked in the description of
technics and you can check that out and
yeah like no other videos you'd like to
see as well and I was thinking how great
don't forget to Like and subscribe and
I'll see you in the next video